wifi: Upmerge for 2.8.0 (#18066)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf70/wifi_advanced_security_modes.rst

.. _ug_nrf70_wifi_advanced_security_modes:

> nRF70 advanced security modes
> #############################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nRF70 Series advanced security modes
####################################
```

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Enterprise security
*******************

> the nRF70 Series devices support Wi-Fi enterprise security, which is a more secure form of Wi-Fi security compared to Wi-Fi personal security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF70 Series devices support Wi-Fi enterprise security, which is a more secure form of Wi-Fi security compared to Wi-Fi personal security.
```

> The nRF70 Series devices support Wi-Fi enterprise security, which is a more secure form of Wi-Fi security compared to Wi-Fi personal security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF70 Series devices support Wi-Fi® enterprise security, which is a more secure form of Wi-Fi security compared to Wi-Fi personal security.
```

Author: Thanks, I will take this up in next push or if there is no push (here's hoping) in a subsequent PR.

Wi-Fi enterprise security is used in corporate environments where the security requirements are more stringent.

> Wi-Fi enterprise security is based on the IEEE 802.1X standard, which defines the port-based network access control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is based on the IEEE 802.1X standard, which defines the port-based network access control.
```

The nRF70 Series devices support the following Wi-Fi enterprise security mode, ``WPA2-EAP-TLS``.
This mode uses the Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) with Transport Layer Security (TLS) for authentication.
The client and the authentication server exchange certificates to authenticate each other.

Enterprise testing: X.509 certificate headers generation
========================================================

Wi-Fi enterprise security requires use of X.509 certificates.
Test certificates in PEM format are available at :zephyr_file:`samples/net/wifi/test_certs/` repository.

> During the build process, the certificates are converted to a C header file that is included in the Wi-Fi shell
> module or the :ref:`Wi-Fi credentials <lib_wifi_credentials>` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the build process, the certificates are converted to a C header file that is included in the Wi-Fi shell module or the :ref:`Wi-Fi credentials <lib_wifi_credentials>` library.
```

Author: Thanks, I will take this up in next push or if there is no push (here's hoping) in a subsequent PR.

> Wi-Fi enterprise security requires use of X.509 certificates, test certificates
> in PEM format are committed to the repo at :zephyr_file:`samples/net/wifi/test_certs/` and the during the
> build process the certificates are converted to a C header file that is included by the Wi-Fi shell
> module or the :ref:`Wi-Fi credentials <lib_wifi_credentials>` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wi-Fi Enterprise security requires the use of X.509 certificates.
Test certificates in PEM format are available in the :zephyr_file:`subsys/net/lib/wifi_credentials/test_certs` repository.
During the build process, the certificates are converted to a C header file that is included in the Wi-Fi shell module or the :ref:`Wi-Fi credentials <lib_wifi_credentials>` library.
```

To use custom certificates, use the following commands:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ cp client.pem samples/net/wifi/test_certs/
    $ cp client-key.pem samples/net/wifi/test_certs/
    $ cp ca.pem samples/net/wifi/test_certs/
    $ cp client.pem samples/net/wifi/test_certs/client2.pem
    $ cp client-key.pem samples/net/wifi/test_certs/client-key2.pem
    $ cp ca.pem samples/net/wifi/test_certs/ca2.pem

    $ west build -p -b <board> samples/net/wifi -- -DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-enterprise.conf

.. note::
     The EAP phase2 certificates (suffixed with 2) are unused in ``WPA2-EAP-TLS`` but are mandatory for building the sample application.
     The phase1 certificates are copied as phase2 certificates to avoid build errors as a temporary workaround.

To establish a Wi-Fi connection, use the following command:

.. code-block:: console

    uart:~$ wifi connect -s <SSID> -k 7 -a anon -K <key passphrase>

The server certificate is also provided in the same directory for testing purposes.

> You can use any AAA server for testing purposes, such as, ``FreeRADIUS`` or ``hostapd``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any AAA server for testing purposes, such as FreeRADIUS or hostapd.
```

.. note::

    The certificates are for testing purposes only and should not be used for production.

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_wifi_psa_support:

> `Platform Security Architecture (PSA)`_ crypto support
> ******************************************************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform Security Architecture (PSA) crypto support
***************************************************
```

> The nRF70 Series devices support the PSA security framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF70 Series devices support the `Platform Security Architecture (PSA)`_ security framework.
```

> This framework provides a set of APIs for cryptographic operations, which are used by the nRF70 series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This framework provides a set of APIs for cryptographic operations, which are used by the nRF70 Series.
```
